Kaplan Mock Exam 1
Question #2 of 102
Question ID: 1614134
State, for the FF Plc pension plan, relative to the average engineering company pensionplan, whether the FF Plc pension plan's liquidity need is lower, similar, or higher. Justify your response with two reasons.

Kaplan Mock Exam 2
Kaplan Mock Exam 3

Question #79 of 113
Question ID: 1606260
Determine whether the acceptance of the early retirement option is most likely to increase or decrease the liquidity needs of the plan.
A) The plan’s liquidity needs would most likely increase.
B) The plan’s liquidity needs would most likely decrease.


Kaplan Mock Exam 4
Question #3 of 102
Question ID: 1606394
Discuss Guthrie's liquidity needs.

Kaplan Mock Exam 5
Question #2 of 119 Question ID: 1606518
State how the borrowing provision will most likely affect the company's liquidity needs
during a period of increasing interest rates.

Kaplan Mock Exam 6 

review workbook
PG137
Question #2 of 119 Question ID: 1606518
State how the borrowing provision will most likely affect the company's liquidity needs
during a period of increasing interest rates.

3. Determine and justify what is the most tax-efficient allocation of bonds and equities in the Tadworths' TDA and in their taxable account, in the light of the tax law changes outlined by Adkins.
Assume no transaction costs or liquidity needs.

PWM 11 PG 146
Formulate Martin's liquidity need as it would be specified in his IPS at this point, and indicate whether this is significant relative to his investment assets.


PG 155

Fleischman starts the process of creating an investment policy statement (IPS) by identifying the Guptas' goals and liquidity needs. He explains to them the difference between planned and unplanned goals and states that their retirement is a classic example of a planned goal, and it is crucially important for them, particularly given the absence of any existing pension provision. He reassures them that, at their age, this lack of pension planning is nothing out of the ordinary but is something they definitely need to address.
1. Do the Guptas most likely have a relatively high or low degree of risk tolerance in relation to their retirement goal?
A. A. Their risk tolerance is relatively high in relation to their retirement goal.
B. B.Their risk tolerance is relatively low in relation to their retirement goal.
Justify your response.
2. Describe one planned goal of the Guptas, aside from the retirement goal.
3. Describe one unplanned goal of the Guptas.
For this unplanned goal, state and justify whether the Guptas have a relatively high or low degree of risk aversion in relation to it.
4. Should the IPS that Fleischman prepares most likely identify the Guptas as having high or low liquidity needs in relation to their portfolio for the coming year?
A. High liquidity needs.
B. Low liquidity needs.
Justify your response.


PG 160
The growth rates of Ortolan's revenue and employee numbers are expected to fall short of the sector's annual growth rates over the next few years. As a result, Steel concludes that the OIDB plan's proportion of retired lives will be increasing over the next two years. She also reviews the details of the OlDB plan and notes that Ortolan is likely to bow to pressure and introduce a provision for lump-sum distributions within two years.
3. In relation to the change in the proportion of retired lives, will the OIDB plan's liquidity need in two years be lower, the same, or higher relative to its liquidity need today, holding all else constant?
A. Lower.
B. The same.
C. Higher.
Justify your choice with one reason.
4. In relation to the introduction of the provision for lump-sum distributions, will the OIDB plan's liquidity need in two years be lower, the same, or higher relative to its liquidity need today, holding all else constant?
A. Lower.
B. The same.
C. Higher.
Justify your choice with one reason.


PG 162

your mileage may vary


4. Is the Delco-Waltons pension plan likely to have a higher or lower liquidity

need than a plan that matched the industry average?

A. Higher.

B. Lower.

Justify your choice with one reason.

PG 164
4. Which institution likely has the higher liquidity need?
A. СС.
B. Perlstein.
C. Both are similar.
Justify your choice with one reason.